Add `wp-env` Post-Install Command (#49996)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/env/CHANGELOG.md

-   Automatically add the environment's port to `WP_TESTS_DOMAIN`.
-   `run` command now has a `--env-cwd` option to set the working directory in the container for the command to execute from.

### New feature

-   Create a `postInstall` property in `.wp-env.json` files for setting arbitrary commands to run after configuring WordPress.
-   Add a `WP_ENV_POST_INSTALL` environment variable to override the current `postInstall` configuration.

> -   Run the `postInstall` command on `wp-env start` when WordPress is being configures due to cache invalidation or the `--update` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Run the `postInstall` command on `wp-env start` when WordPress is being configured. This can happen when your config changes, WordPress updates, or you pass the `--update` flag.
```

Just reworded it to avoid mentioning cache invalidation, since that's not exposed to end-users.
